Updated README file (#3074)
minio/console: README.md

## Install

> MinIO Console is bundled in MinIO Server standalone binary hence we no longer provide Standalone packages or containers for this dependency. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MinIO Console is a library that provides management, and object browser UI for the MinIO Server.
```

Reviewer 2: Slight mod to put these two together

```suggestion
MinIO Console is a library that provides a management and browser UI overlay for the MinIO Server.
The standalone binary installation path has been removed.
```
